You selfish little weasel!
You said you would be
home for dinner, remember?
That was, like, forever ago!
Kari, it's not really
Yuma's fault.
Yeah, you should listen to Tori.
She's not a weasel.
I know my grandson.
I'm sure he was just off
dueling somewhere.
Right! I just had
the adventure of a lifetime.
Yeah? Well, I'm gonna
shorten that lifetime!
(woman on TV)
...fascinating discovery.
Hi, Haru. Hi, Yuma.
(laughs)
Hey, check it out.
That's Master Roku!
(clears throat)
On the grounds of Mr. Roku's
duel sanctuary,
a stone statue honoring
the famous warrior,
Commander Kiraku,
has recently been unearthed,
and it's causing quite
a local sensation.
I've seen that face before.
I'm very pleased to have
him with us today.
(both) It's Girag!
Just what kind of person
was Commander Kiraku?
Hmm. He was a formidable
warrior.
He defeated
many corrupt leaders
and distributed the riches
that he won in his battles
to his own subjects.
His generosity was celebrated,
and, as a result, he is still
a beloved local legend.
That's Girag's face,
no doubt about it.
And a number of other objects
were discovered along
with the statue?
That's right. We found some
interesting items.
Remnants of Kiraku's treasure.
(gasps)
I think that's
one of my dad's coins!
I am certain that it is.
How?
The map that displayed
the location
of the Mythyrian Numbers
indicated that one was
at the duel sanctuary.
Ah! Then what are
we waiting for?
You little...
Bye, Kari.
Hey! Come back here!
(singing in native language)
This is a joke.
All I do day after day
is wander around looking
for Numbers.
(grunts)
Obviously this
Commander Kiraku...
Hey. That looks like me.
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one,
'cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way,
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today,
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of our fears are gone,
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls,
till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together,
regret it ♪
♪ Never our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep,
beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing, believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
Whoa. That thing looks
just like me.
This thing is freaky.
It's really creeping me out.
It's a Number Card!
Kiraku.
Huh?
Aah! Uhh!
I've been waiting
for you, Kiraku.
Huh? It talks!
Commander Kiraku is
the spitting image of Girag.
I wonder why they
look like each other.
Maybe he's Girag's Barian
granddad or something.
(yelling) Huh?
(yelling)
Look out!
Yuma!
(both yelling)
Aah!
Yuma!
(groans)
Are you okay?
(laughing) Huh?
(high-pitched voice)
Finally.
Finally, I'm free!
Girag.
Girag!
Who?
Quit fooling around.
(scoffs)
Hey, wait, stop.
It's me, Yuma Tsukumo!
Oh. I'm honored
to meet you, Mr. Tsukumo.
Now, please excuse me.
But, Girag, I...
Hold it!
(grunting)
Give me back my body!
Did you guys hear that?
How can a statue talk?
I ain't no statue!
It's me, Girag!
That's messed up.
How could this have happened?
I don't know,
but I got sucked into
this statue somehow!
The me that's over there
is a Number guardian!
Huh?
This is rather astonishing.
So the real Girag's a statue,
and the statue's
the real Girag?
That can't be!
Oh, no?
I'll prove it to you.
You always swipe food
from that girl's lunch box
when she's not looking.
I know 'cause I seen you do it!
Ugh! And I kept
blaming my mother
for not giving me
enough to eat!
Who're you gonna believe, Tori?
Me or some big, ugly
talking stone statue?
And you better believe I didn't
forget about our duel!
I crushed you with
Giant Hand, remember?
(both gasp)
Then you really are Girag!
(laughs)
Yes, that's right.
We exchanged places.
So from now on,
I'm Commander Kiraku.
But how'd you exchange places?
I've been trapped inside
of that stone statue
for a very long time,
waiting for the day
when I could be free again.
And the moment Commander Kiraku
appeared before me,
I knew that day was today.
It seems that the legendary
Commander Kiraku
really is Girag.
Uhh!
Yuma, you gotta
beat him in a duel
and make him give me
my body back!
Why would I want to help you?
'Cause he has a Number.
Yuma.
Huh?
If he has a number,
we must do it.
You're right.
Listen up, whoever you are.
Get ready to duel.
If that's what you want.
I waited a long time
for my freedom,
and I'm not giving it up now!
All right, then!
Yaaah!
Duel Disk! Go!
Duel Gazer!
Let's roll!
(computer voice)
Augmented reality vision link
established.
(both) Let's duel!
You've got to win this, Yuma!
Yeah. Please.
Well, this should be fun.
My turn.
I draw!
I summon Baby Raccoon Ponpoko!
Oh! What a cutie!
Next, I'm activating the spell
card Leaf Transformation!
It lets me summon another
of my furry friends
to join the band!
Come on out,
Baby Raccoon Tantann!
They will not be here long.
Yeah, I know.
I overlay Level Two
Baby Raccoon Ponpoko
and Baby Raccoon Tantann!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
Number 64:
Ronin Raccoon Sandayu!
That's the fifth Mythyrian
Number, Astral.
I activate Ronin Raccoon's
special ability!
Once per turn, I can use
an Overlay Unit
to summon one Kagemusha
Raccoon Token!
And check it out.
These pelty pals
have the same number
of attack points as each other.
(groans)
Then, as long as this Token
is on my field,
you're not allowed
to attack my Number,
so it's protected from anything
you're thinking of
throwing my way.
With that, I end my turn.
My move. I draw.
All right.
Super sweet.
You know what to do.
Oh, yeah.
Huh?
I place one card facedown!
(thinking) What's he planning?
Whatever it is,
it's time to ruin it!
Yuma.
You have... whiskers.
Huh?
How come I'm over there?
He must have...
switched bodies.
Hey, that's cheating!
Now he can see my card.
Hmm.
What have we here?
(sinister laugh)
When there's no monster
on my field,
I can summon this pathetic and
weak Toy Knight from my hand!
That is the wrong play, Yuma.
Astral! Tori!
I'm him...
I mean he's me!
Well, I can't tell who's who.
Tori, this guy is me.
This is Yuma!
(crying)
And I did swipe food
from your lunch box!
I'm so sorry!
Let's talk about this later.
I told you he did it!
Yuma, you are not you.
(sinister laugh)
Give me my body back!
(laughs)
I'm the master of
your body now,
as well as your cards.
So what shall I do?
Ah, yes. This will do
just the trick.
Since I have that
facedown card on your field,
I can summon Dododo Witch!
The optimal move
is to Xyz Summon now.
I tribute Toy Knight
and Dododo Witch!
Don't do that.
But it's the perfect way to
totally mess up your game!
(sinister laugh)
I summon Dododo Swordsman
in attack mode!
Hyah!
That's terrible!
Yuma could have
summoned Utopia,
but that plan has been foiled.
Now I'm activating
the spell card Monster Reborn,
so I can bring back Toy Knight
from the graveyard!
Next, I'm activating
the spell card Guard Plus.
I send Toy Knight
to the scrap heap
so that Dododo Swordsman
gains defense points
equal to that
lame toy's attack points.
Bye, bye, Toy Knight.
Dododo Swordsman gains
200 defense points!
That doesn't help.
It's in attack mode!
Now, Dododo Swordsman,
it's time for you
to take off and attack!
Fine! But you finally
made a mistake,
because you're the one
who's gonna take damage!
We'll see about that.
Hey. What...
(grunts)
Aah!
I like being back
in Kiraku's body.
(groans)
Uhh!
Okay, whatever you are,
enough is enough.
What's your story, huh?
I was Kiraku's body double.
His shadow warrior.
Shadow warrior?
Kiraku was a hero,
and all the people loved him,
but they never knew
that it was actually me.
Who would have thought
the greatest,
most fearless warrior
of their time
was actually a raccoon.
(all) A raccoon?
You just said you're
a raccoon, right?
This is an interesting
development.
Kiraku and I first met
on the battlefield.
I had been caught
in a fierce battle.
When it was over,
he saw me and saved me.
To repay him, I used my powers
and transformed into Kiraku
and became his double,
his "shadow warrior."
I battled in his place.
I was strong and clever.
I won his wars,
conquered his enemies,
and the people
hailed me as the hero.
But he became suspicious
and jealous of my power,
so he sent me away.
When Kiraku finally
went into battle himself,
he lost everything.
If he had only trusted me,
I would have won.
He deserved what he got.
Eventually, I followed Kiraku
into the great beyond.
But I found myself trapped.
My soul was destined
to spend eternity
sealed inside that lifeless
statue of Kiraku.
I refuse to be a shadow!
I will be a real warrior!
You're a thief!
Yuma, you gotta beat him
and get my body back!
Do not forget.
There is a Number on the line.
You must defeat this shadow
warrior at all costs.
Yeah, Astral, I know.
Hey, you, listen up.
I'm not a big fan of Girag.
He's a bully, a cheater,
and a liar.
And those are the good things.
Wait, did he...
Keep your comments to yourself!
But, see, the thing is...
I still can't bring
myself to punish him.
Yuma.
You don't have
to punish Kiraku.
I dislike that guy enough
for the both of us.
My turn! I draw!
I activate Ronin Raccoon
Sandayu's special ability!
It uses an Overlay Unit to
strengthen my furry forces!
Ronin Raccoon Sandayu, attack!
(growls)
I'm not done!
Kagemusha Raccoon Token,
go get 'em!
(growls)
Aah!
Now when my last Kagemusha
Raccoon Token attacks,
you two are through!
That's not gonna happen.
(thinking)
Hmm? Is he talking about
his facedown card?
I thought he only played it
to summon Dododo Witch.
No way.
You're not gonna trick me, kid!
Kagemusha Raccoon Token,
attack him!
All right, I activate my trap!
Burst Rebirth!
Burst Rebirth?
By giving up half
my Life Points,
I can summon a monster
from my graveyard
facedown in defense mode.
Welcome back, Dododo Swordsman.
Dododo Swordsman?
Kagemusha Raccoon Token,
retreat!
(growls)
(thinking) It's okay.
I still have exactly
what I need to win this.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn!
Well then, I draw!
I summon Dododo Swordsman
in attack mode!
(grunts)
Why would you do that?
You have no attack points.
Not so! When Dododo Swordsman
is flipped over,
it gains attack points!
Yeah, the difference between
my life points and yours.
(groans)
That's 3,500 points.
(grunts)
Dododo Swordsman has another
special ability:
it can slice and dice
two monsters on your field!
My monsters!
Dododo Swordsman, get ready to
cut that Raccoon down to size!
(growls)
(groans)
It's time!
I activate the trap
Raccoon Reversal!
Not only do I destroy
your Dododo,
but you take damage
equal to its attack points!
You've been outfoxed,
or should I say,
out-raccooned!
Victory is mine,
and so is my freedom!
So sorry to disappoint you!
What's that card?
What's it do?
By sending Chow Chow Chan
to my graveyard,
it not only stops your
trap card's effect,
but I get to use
its effect instead!
(barks)
The effect of Raccoon
Reversal is all mine now.
This can't be.
Destroy Ronin Raccoon Sandayu!
Now you take damage
equal to your furry friend's
attack points.
That's a thousand points!
Dododo Swordsman, attack him
directly with Brimming Blade!
(grunts)
Aah!
That's can't be happening!
Ponta!
(gasps)
Huh?
I can't... I can't believe
I lost the duel.
I... I'm a failure.
No, you're my friend.
Master?
It's been a long time, Ponta.
Am I hearing what
I think I'm hearing?
Girag really is
Commander Kiraku
after all.
Why did you send me away?
Because I knew that final
battle would end in defeat.
No! You know that's a lie!
If you had only let me
lead the troops...
No.
What?
The nobles who
didn't like the fact
that I was distributing
their riches to the poor
plotted against me.
By the time I realized,
there was nothing
I could do to defeat them.
I knew I had to make sure
that you would survive
and be free.
(crying)
You should never
have done that!
I would have rather been
with you to the very end,
fighting by your side!
A friend never leaves a friend.
If we battled together,
I know we could have won.
(sobbing)
I want you to have the Number.
Thank you for reuniting
the two of us.
Okay, Astral.
(both gasp)
Master Kiraku.
Oh, my little furry friend.
You fool! You think
I actually care about you?
I faked it so I could
get my body back!
I sent you away once,
and I'll do it again!
Oh!
Don't do it, Girag!
See ya!
Ha ha ha ha!
You all fell
for that stupid story
of me trying to save
this furball?
That just proves
how dumb you all are!
You better get ready for the
next time we meet,
Yuma Tsukumo,
'cause it'll be
the last time.
I'll be ready, so bring it.
♪ ♪